Update v0.10.0 CHANGELOG to include new attached node version requirements (#2080)
livebook-dev/livebook: CHANGELOG.md

- Moved app settings to a modal and added explanations for all options ([#1914](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/1914))
- Disabled double-click entering edit mode on Markdown cells ([#1937](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/1937))

> - Connecting an "Attached node" runtime now requires that the remote node use the same or later Elixir and OTP version as Livebook when running Livebook Desktop or using Docker
>   - For instance, this means that Livebook Desktop v0.10.0 can only start attached nodes running Elixir 1.15.2+ and Erlang/OTP 26+
>   - Livebook CLI installed with earlier versions of Elixir and Erlang/OTP can still connect to remote nodes running those versions or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Livebook Desktop and Docker images are now built with Erlang/OTP 26 and Elixir 1.5.2 (those are now the minimum versions required for connecting to remote nodes when using these Livebook distributions)
```

WDYT?

Author: Way better!
